All right guys let's do this let's do this demo.
Create a cryptocurrency interacting with our black chain and post man on our three node with you with
me and curial.
So speaking of these nodes we have them ready that's the note five thousand one that's the node five
thousand two and that's not five thousand three.
All right.
And we have our two Jason foud one fell for the notes and one fell for the transaction.
So we have everything ready.
Let's do this.
Now the question is how are we going to do that demo.
Well I could either test it on several computers or I could even make a call with curial and do a live
video chat you know with him being in Australia and receiving the coins in.
I thought of doing this but I was afraid that the streaming would not be that great and therefore I
came up with another solution which is to create two other consoles here which is exactly like having
two other computers connected to two different servers.
So that's what I'm going to do.
I'm going to run this No.
1 which is my node on console 1 then I'll make another console and I'll run node five thousand two on
console 2 then I'll make a third console and I'll run node five thousand three on this console three.
All right so you ready let's do this and then we'll move on to postman to exchange a lot of Atco into
it.
So let's start with node five thousand one in console one.
Let's run this.
Here we go node five thousand one.
All good.
Now let's make a new console so you click on this tool button here and then on open and I buy it.
So there you go.
That's your second console on which we're going to run node five thousand two so selecting all this
that Kyrillos node.
Let's do this.
Running the app on Node 5000 to perfect.
And now let's take care of your node.
So again a new console here you click on the two button and then open and I buy and console and we are
going to run node five thousand three that is your node on console 3 and there we go.
We have our three nodes running.
And so now I can tell you we have our decentralized chain up and running.
So we're going to test it out now.
We're going to jump to postmen and to do this we're going to go to our list of programs or applications
doubletake on postman to lunch postman and in a matter of seconds will interact with our blood chain.
So let's close this.
We don't need this.
And here we go.
Let's get started.
All right.
So first thing we're going to do is since you know I'm not going to jump from one computer to another
we're doing everything on the same computer.
Well I'm going to create two more tabs here.
Each of them will be for each of our node.
So this will be for the node five thousand one my node this will be for the node five thousand two girls
node and this will be for the node five thousand three your note.
So let's start with my node and the first thing we're going to do is get the chain to see if the Genesis
block was well created.
So remember what we have to do we have to enter the request you are.
So let's get the main root of our node which is HTP colon slash slash 127 point or point 0.1 and then
I'll take this.
But it's going to be of course five thousand one for my node.
So going back to postman let's base that here let's replace node five thousand by five thousand one
that's my node.
And now let's get the get chaine request I think we're all good.
Let's press enter and there we go.
Welcome to the Genesis block.
Great.
So now we're going to take care of the other node.
Let's do the same now for curial.
So I'm going to paste that again.
Replace 5000 by five thousand two because clearly is a node five thousand two.
And then here add get changed again and let's press enter.
Perfect.
That's the genesis block as well.
Don't worry about the timestamp which is not the same as my timestamp.
This issue is going to be fixed as soon as we apply the consensus.
Indeed all the notes in the de-centralized block chain must have the same blocks.
So here we have the same prepossession the same proof but will also have the same time stamp.
Once we apply the consensus.
All right.
Now let's take care of your node get request as well.
Let's copy this.
You are on the node five thousand three and let's not forget to add the get chain request and there
we go.
Congratulations you have your Genesis block.
OK so that was the first part of the test.
The first part of the demo that's done now it's going to get slightly more challenging because what
we're going to do is make our first post request.
We're going to make our first post request to connect the notes to each other and therefore what you
have to do now is select post on your notes so I'm going to do this for each of the three nodes posts
here and post here.
And let's start with my note.
So what we want to do now is Connect the notes and therefore I'm going to go back to Python to my notes
JS Jayson file.
I'm going to select all this copy it and then go back to postman to make this post request.
So to make a post request first you need to select both as we did then you need to select the right
request which to connect node we called connect node.
All right that's the name of the request and then make sure to follow here.
We need to go to Buddy and then we need to select raw and then.
Don't forget this select here.
Jason abrogates and Jason.
And then you can paste the Jason Fowler.
But since we're connecting the nodes from node five thousand one of course here we will remove all this
because this is the address of node five thousand one.
And in order to connect the node five thousand one to the other node well will simply need to input
the other notes that is no node 5000 to and your node node 5 and 3.
So there we go.
This should be all good.
Now we're going to check if that works.
I'm a little bit worried.
We never know.
But let's press enter and there we go.
All the nodes are now connected.
Congratulations to Atco and black chain now contains the following notes five thousand two and five
thousand three.
Besides note five thousand one awesome that works.
Congratulations you've just sent your first your very first post request.
And so now we're going to do the same for the other node.
We are going to connect the nodes from node 5000 to so connect node here same we go to Buddy then we
go to Raw and then we select Jason then to be efficient we can just copy this we paste down here and
we select five thousand one and five thousand three because we were connecting the node 5000 to to the
other node which are five thousand one in five thousand three.
All right so if you're ready.
Everything seems to be all good.
Let's press enter.
Perfect.
All the nodes are now connected.
Let's quickly listen for your node from node five thousand three post request.
The request is Connect node now we go to Buddy we go to RA and we select Jason and now we are going
to take this and it and replace of course five thousand three by five thousand two because we're connecting
your node five thousand three to my node five thousand one and Kiros node five thousand two.
All right.
So again L'Express answer perfect.
All the nodes are now connected.
Our block chain is fully connected now.
You know it's like a fully connected graph.
Those of you who like Graph Theory of course in a real life action system we would have an extra program
that automates all this.
You know all the connections of these nodes.
Each time we add a node on the block chain.
But this is how it goes behind this thing.
OK.
So congratulations we're done with our first post request.
No worries we're going into the other one.
The atoms action post request but not right now.
Now we're going to test the consensus we're going to test what happens if on one node we get a chain
that is larger than the chains on the other node and therefore what I'm going to do now is first I'm
going to go back to the get request in the three nodes because otherwise I'm sure I will forget to get.
And so now what we're going to do is nine a block on my node so mine block that's the request remember
I'm mining a block of my node on the Get request.
All good.
Let's press enter.
And here we go.
Congratulations.
You're just mind block.
You been me.
The proof is 533.
And of course since I'm D-minor Well my node which has this address sends one at coin to me.
ADLER OK.
So interesting we just made a new blog and therefore my new chain if we have look at it.
Thanks to the get chain request.
Well here is my new chain.
Here is the black chain on my note.
So I have to work.
But if we have a look at curiousest joined now by selecting to get Jane requests.
Well he only has one block which is not good because he should have to.
And you get the same deal if we send the get chaine request on your node.
Well you will also have one block the Genesis block.
All right so no worries we're going to fix that now by applying to replace chain requests.
So let's do that for curious.
First I'm on Kyrios know right now and I'm selecting here to replace chaine request.
It's a get request.
Make sure to have that selective replay same.
We are in Kiros No.
Five thousand two.
We are ready to replace the chain.
And here we go.
The nodes had different chains.
So real strain was replaced by the longest one.
Awesome.
And now we have the new chain with the Genesys block which by the way is now having his issues solved
because we should have the same time stamp as my Genesis.
Here we go 5 p.m. and 11 minutes.
Perfect.
And of course we have my transaction from my node to myself because I mind and you block and here for
you now.
Well if we get the chance again of course you will still have just one block.
So we are going to fix that for you now replace chain by thinning to replace Sharon request let's press
enter and there we go.
You now have the same chain as killing me.
So perfect.
Second part of the demo smashed.
OK.
So now we're going to test the next post request which is the transaction post request and this is going
to be fun because I'm going to send a lot of coins to kill an even more odd coins to you.
I'm going to send 10000 at Cone's to Curiel and one hundred thousand at coin's to you.
So the first thing we need to do is first select the post request because the transaction request is
a post request and then we need to get the right name here.
So the name of the request is ad trend section.
That's the name of the request.
We're doing this on my note because I have old ad coins but you are about to get some as well so at
transaction then we get somebody then here of course will have a different reason.
So we'll go back to Python to get arch action Jayson file.
Let's copy this.
Let's go back to postman and let's replace the previous days and fall for the notes by the Jayson file
for the transaction.
All right.
So this is going to be a transaction from myself at Le to curial because I'm selling them at coin suku.
So here I'm just entering our names ATLA and curial.
But of course in real life we should enter our public key.
You know that's how it's done.
We don't enter it this way we need unique identifiers which is a public key.
You also have the private key.
That's the key you keep on your wallet like co-pay or 3m whatever you want and you'll see by the way
module three will work on my ether wallet.
But anyway the transaction is from the sender to the receiver curial.
And as I said I'm going to send to curial ten thousand at coin's right 10000.
All good.
So that's a transaction that's the Jason fell for the transaction.
And now let's check we have everything all good post actions transaction on that five thousand one which
is my note and I'm sending to Curiel 10000 at cons.
OK.
So let's test this again.
Slightly worried.
We never know.
3 2 1 GO.
Awesome.
This transaction the transaction of 10000 at coins from myself to real will be added to block 3.
Remember that the black index plus one.
All right perfect so we have this transaction.
But wait.
This transaction is not yet added to a block.
We need to mine a block first to welcome this transaction and added to the bloodshed.
So that's exactly what we'll do right now.
And that's why I'm going back to the get request.
And so now you'll see if I mine a black Thanks to the mine block request from my new five thousand one.
Well what will we get.
We will get a new block containing two transactions.
The first one is from the note to myself because I'm the miner who just mined the block and I just got
one at coin and of course the second transaction from myself to Kyrle of ten thousand coins.
All right perfect so not 100 percent perfect because now the issue is that on the other note there isn't
rules no.
And on your note you'll see that they to have the most up to date chain.
We can check that now if we have a look at our chain now sending the get chaine request.
Well now my chain has three blocks with of course the Genesis block.
The first block that I mind.
And the second block with my action from the note to myself and the transaction from myself to Curiel
of 10000 coins.
So basically I have three blocks.
But then if we have a look at curiousest chain by selecting get chaine here.
Well curious Jane only has two blocks and same for you.
You only have two blocks right.
Two lengths two three blocks here two blocks here and two last year.
No worries we're going to fix that right now applying the consensus using our replace chain request.
And there we go.
The nodes had different chains.
So curious chain was replaced by longus one and now curial gets this new transaction that we made for
myself to kill of 10000 Atkins.
Great.
And by the way if we send our request again you know replaced Jane.
Well let's see what happens.
Well we have the actual chain and the message says all good.
The chain is the largest one.
So that's all good for curial.
Now let's take your view.
Get Jane we're going to send the replace chain request.
And there you go.
You have your chain replaced by longus when everyone is up to date.
That's awesome.
And you get the last transaction in the third block.
All right.
Perfect third part of the test smashed as well.
Now we're going to move on to the last part of the test.
Well it's actually not even a new part because we're basically going to do the same but as I promised
you I'm going to send you one hundred thousand at coins.
So let me do this for you right now.
I'm going back to my notes.
I'm selecting the post request because we're going to post a new transaction from me to you of 100000
at coins and therefore I'm getting back to my ADD transaction method.
And now we're going to go back to buddy.
We're going to.
Well everything is ready here.
I'm still descender ADLER But now the receiver is you and I'm adding 1 0 for you to send you one hundred
thousand at coins.
So 100000 Afghans for you.
I sound like a shady seller here.
Sorry about that.
Just a quick reminder that the coin is worth absolutely nothing.
So post all good post request transaction.
Very raw.
Jason from Adlon to you.
One hundred thousand odd coins.
So if now you're ready to get all this let's press enter and there we go.
This transaction will be added of course to look for because the actual chain of our black chain now
contains three blocks.
So of course this transaction will be added to the next block that is block for.
And so now what do we have to do.
Well we have to mine a new block to welcome this transaction into look for it.
And so that's exactly what I'm going to do because I'm still descender.
This transaction was sent from my node.
So we're going to go back to the get request we are going to go back to the mine block request and there
we go.
Now let's press enter to create this new block containing two transactions the one related to the fact
that I just mind this new plug and therefore giving me one at coin.
And of course the transaction from myself to you giving you one hundred thousand odd coins.
All right.
And now the final step to do is just to apply the consensus on these two notes here to make sure every
node in the block chain has the same chain.
So let's do this we can if you want first get our chain here that's our chain containing for blocks
with the two transactions of at coins from myself to curial of 10000 coins and from myself to you of
100000 coins.
So Ford looks perfect.
But now if we get your chain in well first and Carol's nose get chain Well Cuil only has three blocks.
So that's not good.
Let's fix that right away.
Replace Shane.
Let's press enter and there we go.
The notes had different chains of the chain was replaced by the longest one.
And now we free press enter again.
All good we have the actual chain in gules.
No.
All good.
The chain is the largest one.
And if you want we can just go to get Chen Quest again to check that curiousest Jane is the same as
mine.
Yes.
As you can see it's exactly the same.
I'm switching between my node and Caryl's.
No.
All good.
And now let's make sure you are also on the same page.
So here we go everything is ready here.
Let's check your actual chain in the black chain so get chain here.
There we go.
You have three blocks.
Not good.
So let's fix this right away.
Let's replace get in here by with place chain and now in two seconds we will all be aligned.
There we go.
The notes had different change so your chain was replaced by longus one you now have four blocks and
you have the two transactions of 10000 at coins and thousand at coins.
Perfect.
We can do a last check to get your chain and check that we all have the same chain of four blocks.
So pressing enter here.
There we go that's your chain.
Now let's switch very quickly to each of the node to check that we have the same chain.
Yes.
That seems to be the case.
You can even scroll down for each five thousand two and five thousand three.
Let's see my node Kiros node and your node.
Oh good.
We all have the same chain.
Congratulations.